it's all been some I don't think I can
say there was a most fun thing either
absolutely had a ball I've been like a
kid in a candy shop it's just been all
exhilarating and all fun and the little
activities we've done have been some
working out our BMI and and working out
how many food groups we eat from which
was a bit of an eye-opener it's all been
plant it's all been fun the food cakes
you said be in tune food coaching it's
going to be the name of it I actually
also with nine books on raw chocolate
from a health point of view which I
market over the internet so they give a
plug for that too so my main book is you
look up WWE chaplet recipes guilt-free
calm and it's all about the most
stunningly delicious and decadent but
healthy raw chocolate recipes oh not at
all not people think is that they think
I'm a raw foodist nig okay she says she
is carrot and celery stick and but it's
not as this absolutely delicious and
your body just sings your body just
thinks well with you know and where
every be this is the food I want and you
just really the body comes alive I am 60
and the color came back in my hair from
eating natural foods it sad My partner
his bald and he's acting his hair is
actually starting to grow and just by
eating natural food the way the body
should eat and this is the message I
want to get out to people and this is
what Shirley has been telling us these
these last couple of days this is how
people should eat so Shirley's actually
backed up what I believe in and I man
I'm a living proof that that we need to
eat the way our bodies at the silent
because then the body just heals
everything the body can feel everything
we don't let it because we put junk in
it we ate natural foods like Shirley is
telling us and the body just heals
itself we don't need drugs and
all these other therapies we just need
healthy food I'm up to change the world
yes just a small portion of it will do
at a time